Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




                                               SUBSCRIPTION PACK
                                          VERSO CAPITAL 2 SCSP SERIES 215
                                          ANTHROPIC AI PREFERRED STOCK




                                          VERSO CAPITAL 2 SCSP SERIES 215
                                     2, Avenue Charles de Gaulle, L1653 Luxembourg
                                                www.versoholdings.com
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




                                     SUBSCRIPTION SUMMARY
                VERSO CAPITAL 2 SCSP SERIES 215 “ANTHROPIC PBC PREFERRED STOCK”


        Find the summary of your subscription in Series 215:

            Subscriber:                                  RAJAGOPALAN MADHUSUDAN

            Date:                                        September 9, 2025


            ▪    Total Subscription:                     USD 23,000.00

            ▪    Total Number of Shares:                 163 Equity Certificates

            ▪    Price per Share:                        USD 141.00*

            ▪    Total Subscription Amount:              USD 25,875.00

                                                         ▪   Subscription Fee (one-off): 2.50%
                                                         ▪   Management Fee (upfront one-off): 10.00%
                                                             (instead of 2.00% pa or 20.00% over SPV
            ▪    Applicable Terms:                           lifetime)
                                                         ▪   Performance Fee: 20.00%
                                                             (instead of 20.00% no hurdle rate, no cap)

            ▪    Escrow Agency Fee:                      None (cost covered by VERSO Capital 2 SCSP)


            VERSO Capital 2 SCSP Series 215                        The Subscriber, represented by its
            duly represented by its general partner                Authorized Signatory (-ies)
            VERSO Capital 2 GP SARL




            ____________________                                   ____________________________
            Name: Julien MACHOT                                     Name: RAJAGOPALAN MADHUSUDAN
            Title: Manager and authorized Signatory                 Title: Authorized Signatory




           * IMPORTANT NOTICE: The Price per Share may be amended by the Issuer prior any Capital
           Call or Funding in order to reflect the exact Price per Share of the recent Qualified Financing.
           The Issuer shall then issue a Side Letter to provide confirmation of the new Price per Share and
           as a result of the exact total Number of Shares corresponding to the present Subscription.




                                                               2
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




                                             VERSO CAPITAL SERIES 215
                                            WIRE TRANSFER INSTRUCTIONS



        A. GENERAL INFORMATION
        ▪ SPV / Vehicle: VERSO Capital 2 SCSP Series 215, Luxembourg
        ▪ Subscriber: RAJAGOPALAN MADHUSUDAN
        ▪ Escrow Agent: Dupont & Partners, Law Firm, Luxembourg
        ▪ Exclusive Arranger: VERSO Management Ltd, Cat II Reg. Firm, BVI
        ▪ Contact us: jmachot@versoholdings.com


        B. INSTRUCTIONS
        1. Refer to Closing Date in VERSO Capital 2 SCSP Series 215 Subscription Agreement
        2. Please ensure all banking fees, charges or FX spreads be charged as “OUR” only
        3. Subscribers are invited to wire the funds to the Escrow Account below:

        Bank: ING Luxembourg S.A.
        Bank Address: ING Luxembourg SA, 52, route d’Esch, L-2965 Luxembourg
        Holder: Dupont Partners
        Law Firm Address: 2 Avenue Charles de Gaulle, L-1653 Luxembourg
        Description: Client Account on behalf of VERSO Capital 2 SCSP Series 215
        IBAN: LU71 0141 8595 5133 3010
        BIC: CELLLULLXXX (FYI: some banks require the additional XXX at the end of BIC Codes)
        Amount: USD 25,875.00 only
        Currency: USD (FYI: United States, Dollars)
        Reference: Agency VERSO Capital 2 SCSP Series 215


        Thank you for your consideration,




        ____________________

        Name: Julien MACHOT
        Title: Manager and authorized representative




                                                             3
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




                                                 VERSO CAPITAL 2 SCSP

                                           duly represented by its general partner

                                                VERSO Capital 2 GP SARL

                                                              as Issuer

                                                                and

                                             RAJAGOPALAN MADHUSUDAN

                                                         as Subscriber

                                                                and

                                                    VERSO Management

                                                             as Arranger




                                EQUITY CERTIFICATES SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT
                                     STRICTLY PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL

                                                                 4
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




                                EQUITY CERTIFICATES SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

        THIS EQUITY CERTIFICATES SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT (the ”Agreement”) is dated
        September 9, 2025 and is made by and between:


            A. RAJAGOPALAN MADHUSUDAN, an investment vehicle with registered office address at
               130 TANJONG RHU ROAD #01-15 PEBBLE BAY SINGAPORE 436918 (the ”Subscriber”);


            B. VERSO Capital 2 SCSP, a Luxembourg special limited partnership (société en commandite
               spéciale) with registered office at 2, avenue Charles de Gaulle, L 1653 Luxembourg, Grand
               Duchy of Luxembourg, registered with the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and
               Companies under number 291900 duly represented by its general partner VERSO Capital 2
               GP SARL, a private limited liability company (société à responsabilité limitée) established
               under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with registered office at 2, avenue Charles
               de Gaulle, L 1653 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, registered with the Luxembourg
               Register of Trade and Companies under number B290857 (the ”Issuer”);


            C. VERSO Management Ltd, a limited liability company with registered office at Trident
               Chambers, Wickhams Cay, P.O. Box 146, Road Town, Tortola VG1110 British Virgin Islands
               and registered with the Registrar of Corporate Affairs under number 1901463 and holder of
               the Category II licensed under the auspice of the FSC Financial Services Commission of the
               BVI (the “Arranger”, and together with the Subscriber and the Issuer, the “Parties” or
               individually, a “Party”).



        RECITALS:

            (A) The Subscriber approached the Issuer through the Arranger, and after having obtained all
                relevant information and materials from the Issuer, requested to subscribe to the Issuer’s
                Certificates governed by the master terms and conditions dated September 9, 2025 (the
                “T&Cs”, a copy of which are annexed hereto as Schedule 1), which the Subscriber declares
                to have full knowledge thereof and expressly accepts to be bound thereby.

            (B) The Issuer intends to issue Certificates for a maximum amount of up to USD 100,000,000
                which shall track ANTHROPIC PBC Preferred Stock (which shall be treated as the Assets or
                the Underlying Shares, as the case may be, for purposes of the T&Cs) held by a partnering
                Fund on the captable of the Company, ANTHROPIC PBC (“AP”) and the Subscriber intends
                to subscribe for 163.00 Certificates only.

        NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and other good and valuable
        consideration as set forth herein, and with the understanding that the content of the recitals and
        Schedules forms an integral part of this Agreement, the Parties hereto agree as follows:

            1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

            1.1.     RECITALS

        Recitals (A) to and including (B) above are an integral part of this Agreement.

                                                             5
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




             1.2.    DEFINITIONS

        Except as otherwise defined herein or where the context shall otherwise require, all capitalised but
        undefined words below shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the T&Cs

             1.3.    In this Agreement:

        1.3.1. Clause headings are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect the construction of this
               Agreement and unless otherwise specified, all references to Clauses refer to Clauses of this
               Agreement and all references to Conditions refers to Conditions of the T&Cs.
        1.3.2. Unless the context otherwise requires, words denoting the singular number shall include the
               plural and vice versa and words denoting any gender shall include all genders.
        1.3.3. References to a person include any body of persons corporate or unincorporate and include
               its successors in title and permitted transferees and assigns whether direct or indirect.
        1.3.4. References to any agreement or document are to be construed as references to such
               agreement or document as amended, replaced, novated or supplemented from time to time.
        1.3.5. References to any statute or other legislative provision shall include any statutory or legislative
               modification or re-enactment thereof, or any substitution therefore.
        1.3.6. Where a French term has been inserted in quotation marks and/or italics, such term alone
               (and not the English term to which it relates) shall be authoritative for interpreting the
               respective provision.

             2. SUBSCRIPTION AND SUBSCRIPTION PRICE

        The Subscriber hereby agrees to subscribe for 163.00 Certificates with a par value of USD 141.00
        each, (the “Subscribed ECs”) for a total amount of USD 23,000.00 only (the “Certificates
        Subscription Price”), by way of wire transfer of clear available funds (taking into consideration any
        bank fees which shall be borne by the Subscriber) to the Paying Agent’s Account within two (2) days
        of the date of the present Agreement or no later than September 12, 2025 Close of Business
        Luxembourg 5:00pm (including sharing a SWIFT copy with the Issuer).

        The total amount payable by the Subscriber upon Subscription, consisting of the Certificates
        Subscription Price, Management Fee and the one-off Subscription Fee at 2.50% shall amount to USD
        25,875.00 only (the “Total Subscription Price”, the date of receipt of which shall be referred to as
        the “Closing Date”).

        3.      MANAGEMENT FEE

        The Parties agree that Management Fee (upfront one-off) is 10.00% (instead of 2.00% pa or 20.00%
        over SPV lifetime)

        4.      PERFORMANCE FEE/CARRIED INTEREST

        The Parties agree that Performance Fee or Carry Interest is 20.00% (instead of 20.00% no hurdle
        rate, no cap)



        5.      COMPLETION

        The Issuer hereby accepts such subscription and the full payment of the Total Subscription Price by
        the Subscriber for the Subscribed ECs and undertakes to proceed to the issuance of the Subscribed
        ECs within five (5) Business Days of the Closing Date (such issuance date shall be treated as the
                                                             6
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




        Issue Date for purposes of the T&Cs) and to update the Certificate Register accordingly.

        6.      POWER OF ATTORNEY

        The Subscriber hereby grants an, unconditional and irrevocable, power of attorney to VERSO
        Management Ltd (the Attorney) to represent the Subscriber at any Meeting (as per condition 16 of
        the T&Cs) and authorizes the Attorney to waive convening notice formalities, approve/vote in favour
        of any item on the agenda of the Meeting and, with the express approval of the Undersigned, add any
        item to the agenda and, in addition, gives full power to the Attorney to sign all documents and do all
        acts necessary or useful in connection with or in respect of the performance of this power of attorney,
        even though not specifically indicated, undertaking to ratify and confirm such acts and signatures, if
        the need should arise.

        The Undersigned undertakes to fully indemnify the Attorney against all claims, losses, costs,
        expenses, damages or liability which the Attorney sustains or incurs as a result of any action taken
        by him/her in good faith pursuant to this power of attorney, including any costs incurred in enforcing
        this power of attorney.

              7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY THE ISSUER AND THE SUBSCRIBER

        On the date of this Agreement, the Issuer and the Subscriber make the following representations and
        warranties to each other regarding itself:

        (a)    it (i) has the corporate power to enter into this Agreement; (ii) has taken all corporate actions
               necessary to authorise the entry into and performance of this Agreement, and (iii) has duly
               executed this Agreement;
        (b)    it is entitled to hold directly or indirectly the Assets or Underlying Shares, as the case may be
        (c)    this Agreement constitutes it’s legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations;
        (d)    the entry into and performance of, and the transactions contemplated by, this Agreement do not
               and will not:
               (i)     result in a breach, violation or acceleration of, or a default under, any other agreement or
                       instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound; or
               (ii) result in a breach of any law or regulation, of any judgment by any court, of any decision
                       of a governmental authority or any arbitration award by which it is bound;

              8. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS,                REPRESENTATIONS          AND      WARRANTIES          BY     THE
                 SUBSCRIBER


        On the date of this Agreement, the Subscriber make the following acknowledging statements,
        representations and warranties to the Issuer with respect to itself and its investment in the Certificates
        which shall remain in force as long as the Certificates are outstanding:


        (a)    it has received, carefully read and fully understands the terms of his investment in accordance
               with the present Agreement and the T&Cs and agrees with the terms thereof including for the
               avoidance of any doubt, but not limited to, the nomination of the Arranger as its Agent for
               purposes of any acts to be carried by the Subscriber as Holder in accordance with the T&Cs;

        (b)    it recognizes and agrees that its indirect investment in the Assets through the subscription of
               the Certificates involves certain degree of risk and is fully cognizant of, and understands, all of
               the risk factors related to the subscription of Certificates in connection with the underlying
               Assets;



                                                             7
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




        (c)    it acknowledges the limited recourse clause of Condition 7.3 of the T&Cs and agrees to bear
               the economic risk of its investment for a definite period of time and is able to withstand a total
               loss of its investment;

        (d)    it acknowledges and agrees that its investments may be in Assets issued by Underlying
               Companies which may not be regulated and/or which do not have access to financial markets
               or other source of liquidity (illiquidity may generally result from the absence of an established
               market for the investments, and potentially from legal or contractual restrictions on their resale
               of the Assets) and therefore carry a general liquidity risk and there can be no assurance that
               the Issuer will be able to realise such investments in a timely manner; and

        (e)    It acknowledges that certain information with respect to its investment may not be available and
               that the Issuer’s monitoring obligation is on a best effort basis and further agrees to receive on
               a quarterly semi-annual or annual basis, as the case may be, via a secured virtual reporting
               date room and under strict confidentiality.


              9. CONFIDENTIALITY


                  9.1 Confidential Information

        The Subscriber undertakes to, and shall procure that each of its directors, officers or representatives
        (the “Representatives”), as the case may be, keep confidential and not disclose or make available
        to any third party, the following information:

        (i)      the existence or contents of this Agreement and any ancillary documents including the T&Cs
        or the limited partnership agreement of the Issuer;

        (ii)  the subject matter or process of negotiations or any disputes between the Parties in
        connection with this Agreement; and

        (iii)   any information of a secret, commercially sensitive or confidential nature received by it which
        relates to the Issuer, the Underlying Company, the Arranger or their respective businesses, including
        as may be available in the virtual reporting data room,

        (together the “Confidential Information”);

        unless and to the extent the Confidential Information is lawfully in or lawfully comes into the public
        domain other than as a result of a breach of any undertaking or duty of confidentiality by a Party, in
        which case such information shall no longer be deemed to form part of the Confidential Information.

                  9.2 Permitted disclosures of Confidential Information

        The Subscriber may disclose Confidential Information only:

        (i)   with the prior written approval of the Issuer (which shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed
        or made conditional);

        (ii)     to the extent required by law (including, but not limited, tax law) or pursuant to a request of a
        governmental entity (including but not limited to the request of a tax authority in connection with the
        tax affairs of a Party or its Affiliates) provided that if required by law or pursuant to an order of a
        governmental entity to disclose any Confidential Information, it shall promptly and if reasonably
        possible and lawful before disclosure occurs notify the Issuer. The Party required to disclose
        Confidential Information shall, if reasonably possible and lawful, co-operate with the Issuer with regard
        to the timing and content of such disclosure, or any action which the Issuer may reasonably elect to
        challenge such requirement;

                                                             8
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




        (iii)   to the extent required for the purpose of fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement;

        (iv)   to the extent reasonably required to conduct the defense of a claim or to enforce any rights or
        to exercise any remedies under this Agreement;

        (v)    to a potential Acceding Holder in the event of a sale of the certificates in accordance with
        Condition 12 of the T&Cs, but only with respect to the terms of this Agreement, the contents of the
        T&Cs and the limited partnership agreement of the Issuer (i.e. excluding any other Confidential
        Information set out above) and provided that before any such disclosure is made, the person to whom
        such disclosure will be made is informed of the terms of this Clause and instructed to adhere to those
        terms as if such person were bound by them; and

        (vi)     to any of a Party’s financiers to the extent required for the financing of the transactions referred
        to in this Agreement, provided that before any such disclosure is made, such financiers are informed
        of the terms of this Clause and instructed to adhere to those terms as if they were bound by them.


                10.      PENALTY CLAUSE

        In the event the Subscriber does not fulfil its payment obligations with respect to the Total Subscription
        Amount within the timeframes provided for under this Agreement, the Subscriber undertakes to pay
        to the Issuer, as penalty fees, an amount corresponding to 3.00% of the Certificates Subscription
        Price and after 30 calendar day of delay, an additional 0.50% Certificates Subscription Price per
        month of subsequent delay (the “Default Penalty Fee”).

        The Parties agree that to the extent the present penalty clause is found to be manifestly excessive by
        a competent court, the Parties agree that shall be reduced to any amount as the court shall deem
        reasonable.

                11.      REMEDIES

        The rights and remedies conferred on any party by, or pursuant to this Agreement, are cumulative
        and except as expressly provided in this Agreement, are in addition to, and not exclusive of, any other
        rights and remedies available to such Party at law or in equity.

                12.      SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE

        Each Party agrees that monetary damages may not be a sufficient remedy for any breach or
        threatened breach of this Agreement, and that the other Parties shall be entitled to seek equitable
        relief, including injection and specific performance, in the event of any such breach or threatened
        breach without the necessity of posting any bond or other security or provision that monetary damages
        would be difficult to calculate or be an inadequate remedy.

                13.      SEVERABILITY

        If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable by any judicial or other
        competent authority, (i) all other provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect and
        will not in any way be impaired, and (ii) if such provisions of this Agreement would be valid or
        enforceable if part of the provisions were deleted or amended, the provision in question will apply with
        the minimum modifications necessary to make it valid and enforceable provided that such modification
        achieves the original commercial intention of the Parties.




                                                             9
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




                14.      ENTIRE AGREEMENT

        This Agreement constitutes the whole agreement between the parties relation to the subject matter
        of this agreement to the exclusion of any terms implied by law that may be excluded by contract. This
        Agreement supersedes and extinguishes any and all prior discussions, correspondence, negotiations,
        drafts, arrangements, understandings or agreements in relation to the subject matter of this
        Agreement.

                15.      AMENDMENTS AND MODIFICATIONS

        Any amendments and modifications to this Agreement are subject to the prior written approval of the
        Parties.

                16.      ONE ORIGINAL AND ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE

        The Parties have expressly agreed to sign this agreement by electronic signatures, within the
        meaning of the provisions of articles 1322-1 et seq. Of the Luxembourg civil code, through DocuSign
        services.

        The Parties therefore acknowledge and agree that the electronic version of this agreement constitutes
        an original document and is perfectly valid and enforceable between them. The Parties declare that
        this agreement and/or its electronic form constitutes literal proof within the meaning of the article
        1322-2 of the Luxembourg civil code and has the same evidential value as a written documents on
        paper and may be validly invoked against them. Each of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that
        the storage of the original of this agreement signed by means of the DocuSign services satisfies the
        requirements of durability within the meaning of article 1322-2 of the Luxembourg civil code.

        Each of the Parties acknowledges and agrees that the electronic signature solution offered by
        DocuSign and agreed upon by the parties corresponds to a sufficient degree of reliability to identify
        the signatories and to guarantee the link between each signature and this agreement.

        The Parties therefore agree not to contest the admissibility, enforceability or evidentiary value of the
        signatures of this agreement.

                17.      GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

        This Agreement and for the avoidance of any doubt, the power of attorney contained herein, are
        governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.
        The courts of the district of the city of Luxembourg shall have exclusive jurisdiction to hear any dispute
        or controversy arising out of, or in connection with, this power of attorney.




                                   The remainder of this page is left intentionally blank
                                               - signature page follows.




                                                             10
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




                         Signature page to the Equity Certificates Subscription Agreement


        The Subscriber, represented by its Authorized Signatory (-ies)



         ____________________________
         Name: RAJAGOPALAN MADHUSUDAN
         Title: Authorized Signatory




        The Issuer, VERSO Capital 2 SCSP, duly represented by its general partner VERSO Capital 2 GP
        SARL



         ___________________________________
         Name: Julien Machot
         Title: Manager and authorized representative




        The Attorney, Verso Management Ltd., for the purpose of the powers granted under Clause 6



         __________________________________
         Name: Julien Machot
         Title: Director and authorized representative




                                                             11
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




                                              SCHEDULE 1
                                          TERMS & CONDITIONS
                         EQUITY CERTIFICATES OF VERSO CAPITAL 2 SCSP SERIES 215



        1.     DEFINITIONS


             “Acceding Holder”              has the meaning ascribed to such term in Appendix.

             “Acceptation”                  has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 12 (“Sale of
                                            the Certificates”).
             “Accession                     has the meaning ascribed to such term in Appendix.
             Undertaking”
             “Administrative                means all properly incurred costs, fees and expenses and any
             Charges”                       other amounts due and payable (including by way of indemnity)
                                            together with any value added tax thereon due and payable by
                                            the Issuer due to any services provided or pursuant to or as
                                            contemplated by this Agreement, to the extent such amounts are
                                            not otherwise provided for and shall include among others (i) the
                                            Legal Fees, (ii) the audit fees, (iii) the accounting expenses, (iv)
                                            the administration and (v) any other servicing expenses of the
                                            Issuer, including but not limited to any costs linked to the issuance
                                            of the Certificates in ISIN form.
             “Agent” or “Arranger”          means VERSO Management Ltd, a limited liability company with
                                            registered office at Trident Chambers, Wickhams Cay, P.O. Box
                                            146, Road Town, Tortola VG1110 British Virgin Islands and
                                            registered with the Registrar of Corporate Affairs under number
                                            1901463 and holder of the Category II licensed under the auspice
                                            of the FSC Financial Services Commission of the BVI.
             “Assets or the                 shares or any other instruments issued by the Underlying
             Underlying Shares”             Company, as further defined in the Subscription Agreement.
             “Brokerage Fee”                means the fee as set out in the Subscription Agreement.
             “Business Day”                 means any day other than a Saturday or Sunday on which banks
                                            are open for general business in the Grand Duchy of
                                            Luxembourg.
             “Calculation Agent”            means the Arranger.
             “Calculation Date”             means a date no later than three (3) Business Days prior to a
                                            Payment Date.
             “Certificates”                 has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 2.1
                                            (“Issuance and Payment of the Certificates”).
             “Certificates Payment          has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 2.1
             Date”                          (“Issuance and Payment of the Certificates”).

                                                              12
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




             “Certificates Register”        means the register and transfer book maintained by the Issuer for
                                            the Certificates.
             “Certificates Sale or          has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 12 (“Sale of
             Transfer Offering”             the Certificates”).
             “Certificates Sale or          has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 12 (“Sale of
             Transfer Price”                the Certificates”).
             “Certificates                  has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Subscription
             Subscription Price”            Agreement.
            “Closing Date”                  means a date as indicated by the issuer in the Subscription
                                            Agreement.
            “Company Law”                   means the law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as
                                            amended from time to time.
            “Condition”                     means a condition under these Terms and Conditions.
             “Equity Return”                the Certificates do not provide for an interest, but are repurchased
                                            at the fair market value of the Underlying Shares, less costs, as
                                            described in Condition 5 (“Equity Return and Costs”).
             “Equity Return                 has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 6 (“Equity
             Payment Date”                  Return Calculation”).
             “Escrow Agency Fee”            means the fee to be paid by the Issuer according to the escrow
                                            agency agreement concluded with Dupont Partners, a law firm
                                            with the Luxembourg Bar, with main office on 2, Avenue Charles
                                            de Gaulle, L-1653 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.
             “Event of Default”             means each of the events or circumstances set out in Condition
                                            14 (“Event of Default”).
             “Exclusivity Period”           has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 20
                                            (“Exclusivity”).
             “Fair Market Value”            means the value as agreed between the Parties based on (i) the
                                            financial statements of the Underlying Company dated less than
                                            3 months provided that no major transaction impacting the value
                                            of the Underlying Company occurred in the meantime and (ii) the
                                            business plan of the Underlying Company including financial
                                            projections; in case of disagreement between the Parties, the
                                            value shall be determined by a Luxembourg independent
                                            approved statutory auditor (réviseur d’entreprise agréé
                                            indépendent).
             “FATCA”                        means sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue
                                            Code of 1986 and U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated
                                            thereunder that took effect on 28 January 2013, as amended from
                                            time to time.
            “FATCA Withholding”             means any withholding or deduction required pursuant to FATCA
                                            or to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the United
                                            States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or otherwise imposed
                                            pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the United States
                                                              13
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




                                            Internal Revenue Code of 1986, any regulations or agreements
                                            thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law
                                            implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.
            “Final Redemption              means the redemption in full of the Certificates, at the occasion of
            Date”                          one or multiple Redemption Date(s), as applicable.
            “General Partner”              means VERSO Capital 2 GP SARL, a private limited liability
                                           company (société à responsabilité limitée) established under the
                                           laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with registered office at
                                           2, avenue Charles de Gaulle, L 1653 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy
                                           of Luxembourg, registered with the Luxembourg Register of Trade
                                           and Companies under number B290857
             “Holder”                       means any holder of the Certificates.
             “Insolvency                    means with respect to any person, the winding-up, liquidation,
             Proceedings”                   dissolution,      bankruptcy,      receivership,   insolvency    or
                                            administration of such person or any equivalent or analogous
                                            proceedings under the law of the jurisdiction in which such person
                                            is incorporated (or, if not a company or corporation, domiciled) or
                                            of any jurisdiction in which such person carries on business or has
                                            any assets including the seeking of an arrangement, adjustment,
                                            protection or relief of creditors.
             “Insolvent”                    means any person in respect of whom Insolvency Proceedings
                                            are initiated or opened, as applicable.
             “Investment”                   means the shares or any other instruments tracked by the Assets,
                                            as further defined in the Subscription Agreement.
             “Issue Date”                   means each date on which the Certificates are issued, including
                                            the Closing Date, as the case may be.
             “Issuer Costs”                 means, to the extent applicable in accordance with the provisions
                                            of the Subscription Agreement, any other costs than (i) the
                                            Subscription Fee, if any, (i) the Brokerage Fee, if any, and (iii) the
                                            Escrow Agency Fee, if any, that the Issuer has to pay until and
                                            including the Issue Date in view of such issuance, such as e.g.,
                                            the Legal Fees – which may be waived, on a case by case basis,
                                            by management decision.
            “Legal Fees”                    shall include any and all lawyers, attorney’, paralegal and law
                                            clerk fees and disbursements, including, but not limited to, fees
                                            and disbursements in relation to corporate, tax and / or regulatory
                                            advices.




                                                              14
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




             “Legal Reservations”           means (a) the principle that equitable remedies may be granted
                                            or refused at the discretion of a court and the limitation of
                                            enforcement by laws relating to insolvency, reorganization and
                                            other laws generally affecting the rights of creditors, (b) the time
                                            barring of claims under any statute of limitations and defenses of
                                            set-off or counterclaim, (c) similar principles, rights and defenses
                                            under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction and (d) any other
                                            matters which are set out as qualifications or reservations as to
                                            matters of law of general application in any legal opinion delivered
                                            to in connection with this Agreement.

             “LPA”                          the limited partnership agreement of the Issuer dated 6 December
                                            21,800.004
             “Management Fee”               means the fee as specified in the Subscription Agreement and to
                                            be paid by the Issuer to the General Partner at Final Redemption
                                            Date unless waived by the General Partner and if applicable.
             “Material Adverse              means a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to
             Effect”                        perform its obligations under this Agreement.
             “MiFID II”                     means Directive 2014/65/UE of the European Parliament and of
                                            the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments,
                                            as amended and/or complemented from time to time.
             “Meeting”                      has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 16 (“Holders’
                                            Meetings”).
             “Mix of Redemption in          means the redemption of the Certificates by the Issuer to the
             Kind and of                    Holder through a mixt of Redemption in Cash and of Redemption
             Redemption in Cash”            in Kind in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
             “Net Sale Price”               means the sale price of the Assets as received by the Issuer, i.e.,
                                            after deduction, for example, of transaction costs if any,
                                            withholding taxes levied in the jurisdiction of the Underlying
                                            Company if applicable, etc., being understood that the Issuer shall
                                            undertake its best effort to obtain the best price for the Assets
                                            upon the IPO of the Underlying Shares or upon the sale or transfer
                                            of the Underlying Shares, as applicable.
             “New Buyer                     has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 12 (“Sale of
             Proposition”                   the Certificates”).
             “New Issuer”                   has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 17
                                            (“Substitution of Issuer”).
             “One-Off Fee(s)”               means the one-off fee(s) as described in the Subscription
                                            Agreement to be paid upon Subscription together with the
                                            Certificates Subscription Price.
             “Paying Agent”                 means Dupont Partners, a law firm with the Luxembourg Bar, with
                                            main office on 2, Avenue Charles de Gaulle, L-1653 Luxembourg,
                                            Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.


                                                              15
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




             “Paying Agent                  has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 2.1
             Account”                       (“Issuance and Payment of the Certificates”).
             “Payment Date”                 shall mean any date on which a payment is due under these
                                            Terms and Conditions.
             “Performance Fee or            means a variable remuneration due by the Issuer to either (i) the
             Carry Interest”                Arranger as shall be invoiced without VAT prior to the Redemption
                                            in Kind or in Cash of the Certificates and prior to the payment of
                                            the Equity Return (the “Performance Fee”) or, to the extent not
                                            invoiced by the Arranger (ii) the Carry LP (as defined in the LPA)
                                            as shall be distributed in accordance with the LPA (the “Carry
                                            Interest”), corresponding to a percentage of the net profits of the
                                            Issuer as further determined in the Subscription Agreement,
                                            being (i) all income, gains received or realised by the Issuer, less
                                            (ii) all tax withheld at source and not credited at Issuer level, (iii)
                                            costs and expenses, including transactional fees of the Issuer
                                            (the “Net Profit”).
             “Pre-emption”                  has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 12 (“Sale of
                                            the Certificates”).
             “Priority of Payments”         has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 10.5 (“Equity
                                            Return - Priority of Payment”).
             “Prospectus                    has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 19
             Regulation”                    (“Restrictions On Sale”)
             “Qualified Investor”           means persons or entities that are listed in points (1) to (4) of
                                            Section I of Annex II to Directive 2014/65/EU, and persons or
                                            entities who are, on request, treated as professional clients in
                                            accordance with Section II of that Annex, or recognised as eligible
                                            counterparties    in    accordance        with    Article 30     of
                                            Directive 2014/65/EU unless they have entered into an
                                            agreement to be treated as non-professional clients in
                                            accordance with the fourth paragraph of Section I of that Annex.
                                            For the purposes of applying the first sentence of this definition,
                                            investment firms and credit institutions shall, upon request from
                                            the issuer, communicate the classification of their clients to the
                                            issuer subject to compliance with the relevant laws on data
                                            protection.

             “Redemption”                   means either a (i) Redemption in Kind, (ii) Redemption in Cash or
                                            (iii) Mix of Redemption in Kind and of Redemption in Cash.
            “Redemption Amount”             means the proceeds received as a result of the Redemption.
            “Redemption Date”               means the date on which a Redemption occurs.
            “Redemption Event”              means (i) the receipt by the Issuer of any proceeds in cash or in
                                            kind, with respect to the sale, exchange, redemption, assignment,
                                            transfer, repayment, repurchase or other disposition of all or any
                                            portion of the Investment tracked by the Assets which can be
                                            distributed to the Issuer pursuant to the operating agreement of
                                            the Underlying Company and shall include the receipt of a
                                            liquidating dividend, distribution upon a sale of all or substantially

                                                               16
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




                                            all of the assets of the Investment tracked by the Assets or other
                                            like distribution, in cash or in kind, which can be distributed to the
                                            Issuer pursuant the operating agreement of the Underlying
                                            Company, net of all expenses and liabilities and reserves
                                            (including, without limitation, reserves for expenses and liabilities
                                            of the Underlying Company) (ii) the sale and / or repurchase and
                                            cancellation of part or all the Underlying Shares in cash or in kind,
                                            or (ii) a sale or transfer of the Underlying Shares by the Issuer at
                                            the discretion of the Issuer.
            “Redemption in Cash"            means the redemption of the Certificates by the Issuer to the
                                            Holder through a payment in cash by the Issuer to the Holder in
                                            accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
            “Redemption in Kind”            means the redemption of the Certificates by the Issuer to the
                                            Holder in kind through the distribution by the Issuer to the Holder
                                            of the Underlying Shares. For the avoidance of doubt, one (1)
                                            Certificate repaid in kind by the Issuer to the Holder shall give the
                                            Holder the right to the distribution of one (1) Underlying Share by
                                            the Issuer.
            “Refusal”                       has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 12 (“Sale of
                                            the Certificates”).
            “Representative(s)”             has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 16 (“Holders’
                                            Meetings”).
            “Sale and Transfer Fee”         has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 12 (“Sale of
                                            the Certificates”).
            “Subscription”                  means the subscription of the Certificates according to these
                                            Terms and Conditions and the Subscription Agreement.
            “Subscription                   means the Luxembourg law governed subscription agreement to
            Agreement”                      be entered into between the Issuer and the Holder with respect to
                                            the Subscription of Certificates.
            “Subscription Fee”              means the subscription fee(s) as described in the Subscription
                                            Agreement to be paid upon Subscription together with the
                                            Certificates Subscription Price.
            “Taxes”                         means all tax withheld at source and due by the Issuer in the
                                            Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, after inclusion of any tax credits of
                                            the Issuer hereto.
             “Transfer Notice”              has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 12 (“Sale of
                                            the Certificates”).
             “Transfer Reply Notice”        has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 12 (“Sale of
                                            the Certificates”).
             “Transfer Reply                has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 12 (“Sale of
             Period”                        the Certificates”).



                                                              17
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




               “Underlying Company”         shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Subscription
                                            Agreement
               “USD”                        means the lawful currency of United States of America as of the
                                            date of these Terms and Conditions.
               “US FINRA regulated          means the person nominated as such by the Arranger
               Broker Dealer”


        1.1.    Words importing the singular shall include the plural and vice versa.
        1.2.    Section headings are for ease of reference only.
        1.3.    In this Agreement, unless the contrary intention appears or the context otherwise requires, a
                reference to the recital, a section or a condition is a reference to the recital, a section or a
                condition of this Agreement. The recital forms an integral part of this Agreement.
        1.4.    In these Terms and Conditions, reference to any agreement, instrument or other document
                (howsoever named) is to such agreement, instrument or other document as it may be amended,
                restated or extended from time to time, whether before or after the date hereof.
        1.5.    Any reference to any person shall be construed to include such person’s successors and
                assigns.


        2.      THE CERTIFICATES

        2.1.    Issuance and Payment of the Certificates

                2.1.1.   The Certificates are equity certificates, issued and backed by the Assets. Each
                         Certificate corresponds to one Underlying Share.

                2.1.2.   On the Issue Date, the Issuer shall issue the Certificates under the conditions of the
                         Subscription Agreement, which shall be subscribed against the payment by the
                         Subscriber of the Certificates Subscription Price to the Paying Agent as per the
                         Subscription Agreement.

                2.1.3.   The Paying Agent shall receive a copy of the Subscription Agreement duly executed,
                         duly confirmed with the Issuer’s counsel, and the Subscriber shall cause the payment
                         of the Certificates Subscription Price and the One-Off Fee(s).


                2.1.4.   The payment of the Certificates Subscription Price and the One-Off Fee(s) shall occur
                         on the Closing Date (the “Certificates Payment Date”), under the following bank
                         account on behalf of the Issuer by the Paying Agent (the “Paying Agent Account”):

                         Bank: Luxembourg ING S.A., 26 place de la Gare, L-2965 Luxembourg, Grand
                         Duchy of Luxembourg
                         Holder: Dupont Partners
                         IBAN: LU71 0141 8595 5133 3010
                         BIC: CELLLULLXXX
                         Reference: Client Account on behalf of VERSO Capital 2 SCSP Series 215

                                                             18
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




                         Currency: USD (United States Dollars)

        2.2.   Currency and Denomination of the Certificates

               2.2.1.    The Certificates are issued for a maximum aggregate amount of USD 100,000,000.

               2.2.2.    The Certificates shall not be divided and there should only be one Holder of each of
                         the Certificates.

        2.3.   Form and Title of the Certificates

               All Certificates shall be issued only in registered form, and the name and address of the Holder
               of each Certificate shall be entered into the Certificates Register by the Issuer. There should
               only be one (1) owner per Certificate. Except as expressly required by law, the person in whose
               name the Certificate stand in the Certificates Register shall be deemed to be the full and
               undivided owner and record Holder thereof for all purposes.

        2.4.   Cancellation

               All Certificates which are redeemed will be cancelled and may not be reissued or sold.

        2.5.   No Purchase by Issuer

               The Issuer may not purchase any of the Certificates other than by way of a Redemption and
               immediate cancellation.

        2.6.   No Rating

               The Certificates will not be rated.

        3.     USE OF PROCEEDS

               The Issuer will apply the proceeds of Certificates solely to purchase the Assets. In the case the
               purchase of the Assets is not executed, the Certificates shall be immediately redeemed by the
               Issuer, which shall not bear any penalty.

        4.     THE AGENT

        4.1.   By signing the Subscription Agreement, each Holder expressly and irrevocably authorises the
               Agent (acting as Holder’s Agent) to act on its behalf as its agent in relation to this Agreement
               and irrevocably authorises (i) the Agent to receive the subscription proceeds (or as the case
               may be to instruct the Paying Agent to receive the subscription proceeds), and (ii) on its behalf
               to supply all information concerning itself, its financial condition and otherwise to the relevant
               persons contemplated under this Agreement, and (iii) any party to this Agreement to give any
               notice, demand or other communication to be given to or served on such Holder pursuant to
               this Agreement to the Agent on its behalf, and, in each such case, such Holder will be bound
               thereby as though such Holder itself had given such notice and instructions, executed such
               agreement or received any such notice, demand or other communications.
                                                             19
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




        4.2.   Every act, omission, agreement, undertaking, settlement, waiver, notice or other
               communication given or made by the Holders' Agent under these Terms and Conditions, or in
               connection with these Terms and Conditions (whether or not known to any other Holder and
               whether occurring before or after such other Holder became an Holder under these Terms and
               Conditions) shall be binding for all purposes on all other Holders as if the other Holders had
               expressly made, given or concurred with the same. In the event of any conflict between any
               notices or other communications of the Holders' Agent and any other Holder, those of the
               Holders' Agent shall prevail.

        5.     EQUITY RETURN AND COSTS

        5.1.   Each Certificate will constitute a zero coupon security, due and payable at Final Redemption
               Date, and are to be computed at the level of the Issuer.

        5.2.   The Equity Return under all the Certificates represents:


               (N x V) – ((N x CSP) + (Administrative Charges + PERF + MF)) = P

               N = number of Underlying Shares / Certificates
               V = (i) Net Sale Price in case of Redemption in Cash or (ii) Fair Market Value of the Underlying
               Shares in case of Redemption in Kind
               CSP = the Certificate Subscription Price
               PERF = Performance Fee or Carry
               MF = Management Fee, if applicable
               P = profit

               P being the “Equity Return”.

        6.     EQUITY RETURN CALCULATION

        6.1.   The Equity Return is calculated as defined above; for the avoidance of doubt, it shall be paid in
               cash in case of Redemption in Cash and in kind in case of Redemption in Kind.

        6.2.   In case of payment of the Equity Return in kind, the payment shall be carried out by transferring
               the number of Underlying Shares to the Subscriber corresponding to the value of the Equity
               Return to be paid to the Subscriber according to Condition 5 (“Equity Return and Costs”).

        6.3.   The Equity Return shall be made to the Holders on each Redemption Date (the “Equity Return
               Payment Date”).

        6.4.   The last Equity Return Payment Date shall be the Final Redemption Date.

        6.5.   If the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable by it under these Terms and Conditions on its due
               date, interest shall accrue on the overdue Equity Return amount from the due date up to the
               date of actual payment at the Luxembourg statutory interest rate (taux d'intérêt légal) for


                                                             20
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




               commercial transactions. Any interest accruing shall be immediately payable but will not be
               compounded.

        7.     RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE CERTIFICATES

        7.1.   Status of the Certificates

               The Certificates constitute direct, general, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured
               obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank:

               a)    without any preference among them, and
               b)    at least pari passu with the eligible direct obligations of the Issuer, unconditional,
                     unsubordinated to the present Agreement, except those obligations which are mandatorily
                     preferred by law.

        7.2.   Obligations under the Certificates

               The Certificates are obligations solely of the Issuer. The Certificates do not represent an interest
               in, or constitute a liability or other obligation of any kind of any service providers under this
               Agreement of the Issuer or any of their respective affiliates or any other third person or entity.
               The Certificates are not, and will not be insured or guaranteed by any service providers under
               this Agreement or any of their affiliates or any other third person or entity and none of the
               foregoing assumes or will assume any liability or obligation to the Holders of the Certificates if
               the Issuer fails to make any payment due in respect of the Certificates.

        7.3.   Limited Recourse

               The Certificates are direct and limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, to any proceeds
               received in relation to the Assets minus 10% of the capital invested by the Issuer in the
               Underlying Company (the Limited Recourse Proceeds).

               The Issuer's ability to satisfy its payment obligations under the Certificates and these Terms
               and Conditions will be wholly dependent upon receipt by it, in full, of payments of amounts
               payable by the Underlying Company in accordance with the terms thereof.

               Other than the Assets tracked by the Certificates and the Limited Recourse Proceeds thereof,
               the Issuer will have no other funds available to meet its obligations under the Certificates. The
               Assets and the Limited Recourse Proceeds thereof are the only remedy available to the Holders
               for the purpose of recovering amounts payable in respect of the Certificates.

               Recourse of the Holders shall be limited to the Assets and the Limited Recourse Proceeds
               thereof, as applied in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. If such Assets and
               proceeds prove ultimately insufficient (after payment of all claims ranking in priority to amounts
               due under the Certificates) to pay in full all principal and profits on the Certificates, then the
               Holders shall have no further recourse against the Issuer or any other person for any shortfall
               arising or any loss sustained.



                                                             21
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




               Such Assets and Limited Recourse Proceeds shall be deemed to be “ultimately insufficient” at
               such time when the Issuer certifies to the Holders that (i) no further Assets are available and
               no further proceeds can be realised therefrom to satisfy any outstanding claims of the Holders,
               and that (ii) neither Assets nor Limited Recourse Proceeds thereof will reasonably likely be so
               available thereafter.

               In respect of the Certificates, the Holders shall, once the Assets and Limited Recourse
               Proceeds thereof are deemed to be ultimately insufficient, have thereafter neither further claims
               against the Issuer nor have recourse to the Issuer or any other person for the loss sustained
               and their claims together with the relevant Certificates shall be fully extinguished.

               Neither the Issuer nor the managers or officers of the Issuer or its General Partner shall be
               liable for any shortfall arising and the Holders shall not have any further claims against the
               Issuer or any of its directors or officers.

        7.4.   Calculations

               On each Calculation Date, the Calculation Agent (or the Issuer itself, as the case may be) shall
               calculate the amounts due and payable on the immediately following Payment Date and the
               identity of the Holders as at 12:00 pm (UCT) on such date. The person or entity who appears
               on the Certificates Register at such date and time will be entitled to the relevant payment on
               the immediately following Payment Date.

        8.     REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE ISSUER

               The Issuer hereby represents and warrants that:

               a)    it is a special limited partnership (société en commandite spéciale) duly and validly
                     existing under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg;
               b)    for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2015/848 of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings
                     (recast) (the "Regulation"), its centre of main interest (as that term is used in Article 3(1)
                     of the Regulation) is situated in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg;
               c)    it has the power, authority and legal right to purchase the Assets;
               d)    it has full capacity, power, authority, legal right and lawful authority to perform all its
                     obligations under these Terms and Conditions;
               e)    it has obtained all authorisations required to enable it to enter into and exercise its rights
                     and comply with its obligations under these Terms and Conditions;
               f)    the obligations expressed to be assumed by it in this Agreement are, subject to the Legal
                     Reservations, legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations;
               g)    subject to the Legal Reservations, the choice of Luxembourg law as the governing law of
                     these Terms and Conditions will be recognised and enforced in the Grand Duchy of
                     Luxembourg;
               h)    it is not subject to any bankruptcy proceedings (faillite) or suspension of payments (sursis
                     de paiement) or any foreign law proceedings having similar effects;
               i)    it has not traded or carried on any business since the date of its incorporation; and
               j)    no Event of Default has occurred or is continuing.

        9.     COVENANTS OF THE ISSUER
                                                             22
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




        9.1.   The Issuer hereby covenants that, so long as any of the Certificates remains outstanding, it will:

               a)    at all times keep such books of account as may be necessary to comply with all applicable
                     laws so as to enable the financial statements of the Issuer to be prepared and allow free
                     access to the same at all reasonable times during normal business hours at the registered
                     office in accordance with article 470-2 and 461-6 of the Company Law ;
               b)    monitor, on a best effort basis and subject to availability of such information, its investment
                     in the underlying Assets and report on a quarterly semi-annual or annual basis, as the
                     case may be, to the Holders via a secured virtual date room and under strict
                     confidentiality;
               c)    provide the Holders with such information as they may reasonably request from time to
                     time to the extent available and entitled to such information under these Terms and
                     Conditions or the Company Law;
               d)    at all times comply with and perform all its obligations under this Agreement including all
                     of its obligations under, and in respect of, the Certificates and use all reasonable
                     endeavours to procure that the other parties hereto comply with and perform all their
                     respective obligations thereunder;
               e)     comply in all respects with all laws to which it may be subject, if failure so to comply has
                     or is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect;
               f)    promptly give notice to the Holders if it is required by law to withhold or account for tax in
                     respect of any payment due in respect of the Certificates or if it becomes liable to tax in
                     respect of its income;
               g)    notify the Arranger of any Event of Default (and the steps, if any, being taken to remedy
                     it) promptly upon becoming aware of its occurrence (unless it is aware that a notification
                     has already been provided by the Underlying Company), and
               h)    promptly upon a request by the Arranger, it shall supply to the Arranger a certificate signed
                     by two of its managers on its behalf certifying that no Event of Default is continuing (or if
                     an Event of Default is continuing, specifying the Event of Default and the steps, if any,
                     being taken to remedy it).

        9.2.   The Issuer agrees that unless specifically provided otherwise in the present Terms and
               Conditions it will not, without the prior written consent of the Holders given at a Holder’s Meeting:

               (a)   engage in any activity which is not reasonably incidental to any of the activities which
                     these Terms and Conditions provide or envisage;
               (b)   incur or permit to subsist any indebtedness in respect of borrowed money whatsoever or
                     give any indemnity or assume any liability whatsoever, except as permitted pursuant to
                     these Terms and Conditions;
               (c)   dispose of any of its assets, except as permitted pursuant to these Terms and Conditions;
               (d)   create or permit to subsist any security (unless arising by operation of law) or charge
                     upon, or sell, transfer, assign, exchange or otherwise dispose of, the whole or any part
                     of, its assets, present or future (including any uncalled capital) or its undertaking other
                     than pursuant to these Terms and Conditions;
               (e)   consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets
                     substantially as an entirety to any other person unless in both cases, all rights of the
                     Holders are fully preserved; or

                                                             23
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




               (f)   permit the validity or effectiveness of these Terms and Conditions to be impaired or permit
                     these Terms and Conditions to be amended, hypothecated, subordinated, terminated or
                     discharged, or permit any person to be released from any covenants or obligations with
                     respect to these Terms and Conditions.

        10.    PAYMENTS

        10.1. General

               All payments shall be subject to the condition that if a payment is made to a creditor in breach
               of these Terms and Conditions, such creditor shall repay the amount so received to the Issuer.
               The Issuer shall then pay out the moneys so received in the way they were payable in
               accordance with these Terms and Conditions on the relevant Payment Date. If such repayment
               is not enforceable, the Issuer is authorized and obliged to make payments in such a way that
               any over-payments or under-payments made in breach of these Terms and Conditions are set-
               off by correspondingly decreased or increased payments on the next following Payment Date.

               Neither the Issuer nor any party to this Agreement shall incur any liability whatsoever if the
               Issuer or this third party is unable to effect the transactions contemplated, after using all
               reasonable efforts, as a result of any such above-mentioned laws, regulations, directives,
               official interpretations or agreements.

        10.2. Business Days

               If the date for any payment in respect of any Certificate is not a Business Day, such payment
               shall be made on the following Business Day and shall not bear any interest due to such delay.

        10.3. Proceeds from the Assets

               Amounts received in connection with the Assets shall be credited to the Paying Agent Account
               of the Issuer as determined by the Issuer in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and
               be applied by the Issuer on the relevant Payment Date in accordance with this Agreement and
               in the order set forth in this Agreement.

        10.4. No Interest on Late Payments

               Any amount of principal or Equity Return not paid by the Issuer on a Payment Date shall not
               bear interest.

        10.5. Equity Return - Priority of Payment

               Equity Return payments under the Certificates shall be made in the following order of priority
               (the “Priority of Payments”), subject however to the provisions of Condition 7.3 (Limited
               Recourse) and only to the extent that there are funds available for the purpose and all payments
               or provisions of a higher priority that fall due to be paid or provided for on such day have been
               made in full:



                                                             24
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




               On any Equity Return Payment Date, in each case of due and payable Equity Return under the
               Certificates,

                          (i)       first, in or towards payment of the Administrative Expenses, Taxes, any
                                    other taxes, duties and/or any other fees, costs and expenses due by the
                                    Issuer;

                          (ii)      second, in or towards payment of the Performance Fee, if any, due and
                                    payable by the Issuer in accordance with this Agreement; and

                          (iii)     third, on a pro rata basis, in or towards payment of all amounts then due and
                                    payable by the Issuer in respect of Equity Return of the Certificates.


        11.    REDEMPTION OF THE CERTIFICATES

        11.1. Full Redemption in Kind

               A Redemption in Kind may be exercised at the discretion of the Issuer upon a Redemption
               Event by way of written notice to the Subscriber in the event that no IPO, sale or transfer of the
               Underlying Shares has occurred by then, whereupon the Issuer shall procure, on a best effort
               basis and subject to any transfer formalities (contractual and/or statutory as the case may be)
               applicable to the Underlying Shares by the underlying Company or the jurisdiction governing
               such Underlying Shares, that the Underlying Shares attributable to the Subscriber are
               transferred to the Subscriber and registered in the name of the Subscriber by the Underlying
               Company within ten (10) Business Days from the date of such written notice.

               For the avoidance of doubt, a Redemption in Kind is subject to Condition 7.3 (Limited
               Recourse).

        11.2. Full Redemption in Cash

               A Redemption in Cash may be exercised, at the discretion of the Issuer upon a Redemption
               Event, for an amount equal to the sum of:

                   a) 100 percent (100%) of the Certificates Subscription Price of the redeemed Certificates;
                      and
                   b) an amount equal to the Equity Return.

               For the avoidance of doubt, a Redemption in Cash is subject to Condition 7.3 (Limited
               Recourse).

        11.3. Mix of Redemption in Kind and of Redemption in Cash

               A Mix of Redemption in Kind and of Redemption in Cash may be exercised, at the discretion of
               the Issuer, upon a Redemption Event, as follows:




                                                             25
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




                   a) 100 percent (100%) of the Certificates Subscription Price of the number of Certificates
                      to be redeemed in cash, corresponding to the number of the Underlying Shares subject
                      to the IPO, sold or transferred, shall be redeemed in cash;
                   b) an amount equal to the Equity Return shall be paid in cash based on the number of
                      Certificates to be redeemed in cash as per a) above; and
                   c) the Certificates not to be redeemed in cash as per a) above shall be redeemed in kind
                      as per Condition 11.1. (Full Redemption in Kind).

               For the avoidance of doubt, a Mix of Redemption in Kind and of Redemption in Cash is subject
               to Condition 7.3 (Limited Recourse).


        11.4. Parallel transactions

               Any repayment, cancellation, redemption or default of or under the Assets shall trigger the same
               operation under the Certificates (by notice to the Holders) and the Issuer shall ensure parallel
               transactions with regards to the Assets and the Certificates (in proportion of the Certificates
               owned by each Holder computed on the total Certificate outstanding amount).

        11.5. No Redemption at the Option of the Holders

               No Holder shall have any right, or privilege to demand, sue for or otherwise bring claims against
               the Issuer for the purpose of acceleration or redemption of the Certificates or any part thereof.

        12.    SALE OF THE CERTIFICATES

        12.1. Notification to the Issuer

               The Holder contemplating to sale or transfer the Certificates, either a part or all, to a third party,
               shall first notify the Issuer and the Arranger in accordance with the provisions of Condition 15
               (“Notices”).

               The following information shall be addressed to the Issuer in the notice (the “Transfer Notice”):
                  ● The number of Certificates to be sold or transferred (“Certificates Sale or Transfer
                       Offering”);
                  ● The sale or transfer price of each Certificates to be sold or transferred (the “Certificates
                       Sale or Transfer Price”); and
                  ● The identity and the location of the contemplated buyer or transferee.

               For the avoidance of doubt, any sale or transfer of Certificates performed without having been
               notified to the Issuer in accordance with this Condition 12 shall be void and without any effect
               towards the Issuer.


        12.2. Rights and Obligations of the Issuer upon the Receipt of the Transfer Notice

               The Issuer and the Arranger, upon receipt of the Transfer Notice, have, at their discretion, within
               30 Business Days (“Transfer Reply Period”):
                  - the right to refuse the contemplated Certificates Sale or Transfer Offering (“Refusal”);


                                                             26
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




                   -   the right to purchase the Certificates subject to the Certificates Sale or Transfer Offering
                       at the Certificates Sale or Transfer Price (“Pre-emption”);
                   -   the right to propose a new buyer or transferee, which for the avoidance of doubt could
                       be another entity of the group to which the Issuer belongs, to purchase the Certificates
                       subject to the Certificates Sale or Transfer Offering at the Certificates Sale or Transfer
                       Price (“New Buyer Proposition”); or
                   -   the right to accept the contemplated Certificates Sale or Transfer Offering at the
                       Certificates Sale or Transfer Price (the “Acceptation”).

               The Pre-emption, the New Buyer Proposition or the Acceptation shall be notified in accordance
               with the provisions of Condition 15 (“Notices”) (the “Transfer Reply Notice”).

               For the avoidance of doubt, in case of Refusal, the Issuer does not have the obligation to
               propose a new buyer.

               For the avoidance of doubt, in the absence of answer within the Transfer Reply Period, it shall
               be deemed to be a Refusal.

        12.3. Rights and Obligations of the Holder upon Acceptation

               The Holder, upon receipt of the Transfer Reply Notice notifying an Acceptation, shall notify the
               Issuer with the Accession Undertaking duly executed in accordance with the provisions of
               Condition 15 (“Notices”).

               For the avoidance of doubt, the notification to the Issuer of the Accession Undertaking duly
               executed shall be considered as a condition precedent of the contemplated sale or transfer.
               The contemplated sale or transfer shall have no effect, whatsoever, towards the Issuer, as long
               as the Accession Undertaking duly executed has not been notified to the Issuer in accordance
               with the provisions of Condition 15 (“Notices”).

        12.4. Sale and Transfer Fee

               For the avoidance of doubt, the Arranger reserves the right to apply a one-off sale and transfer
               fee amounting to minimum 0.05% of the Certificates Sale or Transfer Price to be paid by the
               contemplated buyer or transferee to the Paying Agent Account as shall be indicated on the
               Transfer Reply Notice.

               For the avoidance of doubt, the payment of the Sale and Transfer Fee shall be considered as
               a condition precedent of the contemplated sale or transfer. The contemplated sale or transfer
               shall have no effect, whatsoever, towards the Issuer, as long as the Sale and Transfer Fee has
               not been paid to the Paying Agent Account.

        13.    TAXATION

               All payments and/or deliveries in respect of the Certificates made by or on behalf of the Issuer
               shall be made free and clear of and without any withholding or deduction for any taxes, duties,
               assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature which may be required to be
               withheld or deducted.

               In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the
               Holders of such amounts as would have been received by them if no such withholding or

                                                             27
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




               deduction had been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in
               respect of any Certificate presented for payment by a Holder which is liable to such taxes,
               duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Certificate by reason of its
               having some connection with the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg other than the mere holding of
               such Certificate.

               Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, any amounts to be paid by the Issuer on
               the Certificates will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant
               to FATCA, and the Issuer will not be required to pay additional amounts on account of any
               FATCA Withholding.

        14.    EVENT OF DEFAULT

        14.1. Each of the events or circumstances set out below is an Event of Default:

               -   the Issuer or the Underlying Company becomes Insolvent;

               -   a receiver, manager or other similar officer is appointed in relation to, the whole or a
                   substantial part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or the Underlying
                   Company;

               -   the Issuer fails to pay, within twenty-one (21) Business Days of a defined Payment Date,
                   any amount payable under these Terms and Conditions;

               -   the Issuer doesn’t notify the Agent of any Event of Default promptly upon becoming aware
                   of its occurrence (unless it is aware that a notification has already been provided by the
                   Underlying Company); or

               -   any representation or warranties statement made by the Issuer in this Agreement is or
                   proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed
                   to be made;

               unless the default is capable of remedy and is remedied by the Issuer or the Underlying
               Company within ten (10) Business Days of the Issuer or the Underlying Company becoming
               aware of the failure to comply.

        14.2. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, the Issuer may declare the
               outstanding Certificates and all other amounts accrued or outstanding immediately due and
               payable by notice in accordance with the provisions of Condition 15 (“Notices”).

        14.3. If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer shall redeem all Certificates at
               the price set out in the Redemption Event and the Issuer shall, if instructed in writing by the
               Meeting, subject to the quiet enjoyment rights of the Underlying Shares, exercise any right
               remedies deemed appropriate.

        15.    NOTICES

               All notices regarding the Certificates shall be delivered to
                                                             28
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




               For the Issuer:

               VERSO Capital 2 SCSP
               c/o VERSO Capital 2 GP SARL
               2, avenue Charles de Gaulle,
               L-1653 Luxembourg Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

               For the Holders:

               VERSO Management Ltd, as Agent
               Trident Chambers, Wickhams Cay, P.O. Box 146, Road Town,
               Tortola VG1110 British Virgin Islands
               c/o Julien MACHOT, Director

        16.    HOLDERS’ MEETINGS

               The provisions of Article 470-13 item 1*, 470-13 second paragraph and Article 470-15 of the
               Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 relating to commercial companies, as amended (the
               “Company Law”) do not apply.

               The Holders may constitute a meeting representing together the entire body of Holders (the
               “Meeting”), created inter alia for the purposes of representation of the common interests of the
               Holders in accordance with the provisions of the Company Law (save as otherwise stated
               above).

               The Issuer hereby appoints the Agent as representative of the Holders in accordance with the
               provisions of article 470-4(1) of the Company Law who shall have all the powers provided by
               artilce 470-5. of the Company Law (the “Representative(s)”) and the Holders shall not be able
               to individually exercise the rights attached to their Certificates against the Issuer.

               A Meeting may be convened at any time by the Representative(s) or by the General Partner to
               resolve on the matters required by article 470-13 of the Company Law unless provided
               otherwise herein. The General Partner must convene a Meeting if Holders representing 5% or
               more of the total amount of outstanding Certificates so request. Any Meeting will be held in the
               Grand Duchy of Luxembourg at the venue specified in the convening notice.

               Every Holder will have the right to attend and vote at a Meeting in person or by proxy. The
               voting rights attached to the Certificates are proportional to the portion of the issue they each
               represent, and carrying at least one vote. A Meeting shall be convened to resolve on the matters
               required by article 470-13 of the Company Law unless provided otherwise herein.

               A Meeting may validly decide on the approval of any protective measures taken in the general
               interests of the Holders, by a simple majority of the votes cast by the Holders present or
               represented at the Meeting, provided that, upon first convening a quorum of at least 75% of the
               total amount of the Certificates outstanding at that time is met. No quorum is required at a
               reconvened Meeting.

                                                             29
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




               In respect of any other decision, the Meeting may validly decide upon first convening only if the
               Holders present or represented hold at least 50% of the total amount of the Certificates
               outstanding at that time. No quorum is required at a reconvened Meeting. The decisions at such
               Meetings will be passed by a majority consisting of not less than two-thirds of the votes cast by
               Holders present or represented.

               Each Holder shall have the right, during the fifteen (15) days prior to a Meeting, to consult or
               take copies, or cause an agent to do so on its behalf, of the text of the proposed resolutions
               and the reports to be presented to the Meeting, at the registered office of the Issuer and, as the
               case may be, at any other place specified in the convening notice.

               The Issuer undertakes to make physical or virtual premises available, provided each Holder
               may be duly identified and may effectively participate at the Meeting, to the Holders for their
               Meetings. Should a Meeting be convened all expenses relating thereto shall be borne by the
               Issuer.

        17.    SUBSTITUTION OF ISSUER

        17.1. General

               The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, transfer and assign all obligations (including by operation
               of law and universal transfer of assets) under these terms and conditions to a new entity who
               shall agree to assume all such obligations and as a result fully substitute itself in place of the
               Issuer as debtor in respect of all obligations arising under these Terms and Conditions or in
               connection with the Certificates (the “New Issuer”) and without novation of these Terms and
               Conditions, provided that:

               a)    the New Issuer assumes all rights and duties of the Issuer in respect of the Certificates;
               b)    the New Issuer has obtained all necessary authorisations and governmental approvals in
                     the country in which it has its registered office and is in a position to fulfil all its obligations
                     in respect of the Certificates without discrimination against the Holders in their entirety;
               c)    the New Issuer is permitted to pay in the currency required hereunder and without being
                     obliged to deduct or withhold any taxes or other duties of whatever nature levied by the
                     country in which the New Issuer has its domicile or tax residence from any payments due
                     under the Certificates and the substitution shall not result in any withholding or deduction
                     of taxes on the amounts payable under the Certificates which would not arise if there was
                     no such substitution; and
               d)    the Issuer and the New Issuer enter into such agreements and execute such documents
                     as considered necessary for the effectiveness of the substitution.

               Upon fulfilment of the above conditions, the New Issuer shall in every respect substitute for the
               Issuer and the Issuer shall be released from all its obligations to the Holders as issuer of the
               Certificates except for the obligations assumed with respect to the substitution.

        17.2. Notice to Holders

               The New Issuer shall give notice of the substitution to the Holders pursuant to Condition 15
               (“Notices”).
                                                               30
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




        17.3. Effect of Substitution

               Upon the substitution, each reference to the Issuer in the Terms and Conditions shall from on
               the effective date of the substitution be deemed to be a reference to the New Issuer and any
               reference to the country in which the Issuer has its registered office, domicile or residency for
               tax purposes, as relevant, shall from then on be deemed to be a reference to the country in
               which the New Issuer has its registered office, domicile or residency for tax purposes, as
               relevant. The original Issuer shall, effective as of the date of substitution, be fully released of
               any obligations under these Terms and Conditions and the related Subscription Agreements.


        18.    RESTRICTIONS ON ISSUANCE AND SALE

        18.1. Certificates will not be offered or sold to the public in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and are
               offered in circumstances that do not require the approval of a prospectus by the CSSF and the
               publication of such prospectus in accordance with the law of 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for
               securities, as amended and the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus
               Regulation”). The Certificates are offered to a limited number of non qualified Investors, in all
               cases under circumstances designed to preclude a public issuance. This document may not be
               reproduced or used for any purpose, or furnished to any person other than as provided under
               these Terms and Conditions and the Subscription Agreements. Each Holder confirms by signing
               the Subscription Agreement, that he is a Qualified INVESTOR entitled to hold directly or
               indirectly the Underlying Shares.

        18.2. The Certificates are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should
               not be offered, sold or otherwise made available at any time to any retail INVESTOR in the
               European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail INVESTOR means a person
               who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a
               customer within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC, where that customer would not qualify
               as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified
               INVESTOR as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information
               document required by Regulation (EU) No 21,800.006/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for
               offering or selling the Certificates or otherwise making them available to retail Investors in the
               EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Certificates or otherwise making
               them available to any retail INVESTOR in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS
               Regulation.

        18.3. The Certificates described in these Terms and Conditions, have not been, and will not be,
               registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 as amended, or the securities laws of
               any state of the United States or other relevant jurisdiction. and it has not been registered under
               the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Certificates may not be
               offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred within the United States except (1) to a ‘‘qualified
               institutional buyer’’ within the meaning of rule 144a under the Securities Act, and (2) to a person
               that is not a ‘‘U.S. Person’’ as defined in rule 902 of regulations under the Securities Act. Failure
               to comply with this directive may result in a violation of the Securities Act or the applicable laws
               of other jurisdictions.

                                                              31
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




        19.    EXCLUSIVITY

               The Subscriber grants to the Arranger the exclusive and non-transferable rights in relation to
               any financing, negotiation, investment or transaction of any kind with the Underlying Company
               (the “Exclusivity”). For the avoidance of doubt, during the Exclusivity Period (as defined
               hereafter), the Subscriber shall not circumvent in any form the Arranger, either directly or
               through any one of its affiliate, joint venture partners or similar, as to the Underlying Company,
               for any kind of agreement with and / or in relation to the Underlying Company. Unless otherwise
               agreed between the Parties, this exclusivity shall be effective as from the date of signature of
               this Agreement until and including the date that is one (1) year after the Final Redemption Date
               (the “Exclusivity Period”).

               Any breach of the Exclusivity due by the Subscriber or any of its affiliates, joint venture partners
               or similar shall be compensated by the payment of a fee that would have been due by the
               Subscriber or any of its affiliates, joint venture partners or similar, due to the Arranger.

        20.    MISCELLANEOUS

        20.1. Place of Performance

               Place of performance of the Certificates shall be the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

        20.2. Partial Invalidity

               Without prejudice to any other provision hereof, if one or more provisions hereof is or becomes
               invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect in any jurisdiction or with respect to any person
               or entity, or if the Issuer becomes aware of any omission hereto of any terms which were
               intended to be included herein, such invalidity, illegality, unenforceability in such jurisdiction or
               with respect to such person or entity or such omission shall not, to the fullest extent permitted
               by applicable law, render invalid, illegal or unenforceable such provision or provisions in any
               other jurisdiction or with respect to any other person or entity hereto. Such invalid, illegal or
               unenforceable provision or such omission shall be replaced by the Issuer, without the consent
               of the Holders, with a provision which comes as close as reasonably possible to the commercial
               intentions of the invalid, illegal, unenforceable or omitted provision.

        20.3. Non-Petition

               Each of the Holders acknowledges and agrees that until the expiry of two (2) years and one (1)
               day after the last outstanding Certificate will have been redeemed, none of the Holders nor any
               party on its behalf shall initiate or join any person in initiating any Insolvency Proceedings in
               relation to the Issuer, provided that this Condition shall not prevent any Holder from taking any
               steps against the Issuer which do not amount to the initiation or the threat of initiation of any
               Insolvency Proceedings in relation to the Issuer or the initiation or threat of initiation of legal
               proceedings.

        20.4. Prescription



                                                             32
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




               Any claims against the Issuer under the Certificates, whether in respect of principal, Equity
               Return or otherwise, shall become barred by limitation (prescrits) on the tenth anniversary of
               the Final Redemption Date.

        20.5. Liability clause

               The strategy manager, as appointed by the Issuer, is responsible for the strategy. No party,
               including the paying agent, is therefore liable to any party for any loss in connection with the
               investment, nor for the performance of the strategy. A Holder’s entitlement is limited at all times
               to the Redemption Amount. In a worst-case scenario, the Redemption Amount may be zero.
               Holders should be aware that positive performance of the strategy cannot be guaranteed.

        21.    GOVERNING LAW

               The form and content of the Certificates and all of the rights and obligations of the Holders and
               the Issuer under the Certificates, as well as all other matters arising from or connected with the
               Certificates shall be governed in all respects by and shall be construed in accordance with the
               laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. Articles 470-3 through 470-20 of the Company Law
               shall apply, except as otherwise set out herein, notably under Condition 16 (Holders’ Meetings).

        22.    JURISDICTION

               The exclusive place of jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings arising out of or in
               connection with the Certificates shall be the courts of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. The
               Issuer and the Holders hereby submit to the jurisdiction of such courts.

                         [Remainder of page intentionally left blank – Signature page to follow]




                                                             33
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




               VERSO Capital 2 SCSP duly represented by its general partner VERSO Capital 2 GP
               SARL, as Issuer




               Signature:                ___________________
               Name:                     Julien MACHOT
               Title:                    Managing Partner




               Verso Management Ltd., for the purposes of acknowledging and accepting the powers and
               responsibilities attributed to it under these Terms and Conditions




               Signature:                ___________________
               Name:                     Julien MACHOT
               Title:                    Director




                                                             34
Docusign Envelope ID: F618119C-DE6C-4D20-9B7F-E3E131DF6AD6




                                                    APPENDIX
                                         FORM OF ACCESSION UNDERTAKING


        To:       VERSO Capital 2 SCSP, duly represented by VERSO Capital 2 GP SARL (the “Issuer”)

        From:     [**] (the “Subscriber”)

        THIS ACCESSION UNDERTAKING is made on [**] by the Subscriber (the "Acceding Holder") in
        relation to the equity certificates subscription agreement (the "Agreement") between, VERSO Capital
        2 SCSP, a Luxembourg special limited partnership (société en commandite spéciale) with registered
        office at 2, avenue Charles de Gaulle, L 1653 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, in the
        process of registration with the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies duly represented
        by its general partner VERSO Capital 2 GP SARL, a private limited liability company (société à
        responsabilité limitée) established under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with registered
        office at 2, avenue Charles de Gaulle, L 1653 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, registered
        with the Luxembourg Register of Trade and Companies under number B290857 and [Selling
        Subscriber]. Terms defined in the Agreement shall, unless otherwise defined in this Accession
        Undertaking, bear the same meanings when used in this Accession Undertaking.

        In consideration of the Acceding Holder being accepted as a Holder for the purposes of the
        Agreement, the Acceding Holder confirms that, as from the date of the present Agreement, it
        -       intends to be party to the Agreement as a Holder, and
        -      undertakes to perform all the obligations expressed in the Agreement to be assumed by a
        Holder, and
        -       agrees that it shall be bound by all the provisions of the Agreement, as if it had been an original
        party to the Agreement.

        This Accession Undertaking and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with
        it are governed by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. This Accession Undertaking has
        been entered into on the date stated above and is delivered on the date stated above.

               [**]

               Signature:                ___________________
               Name:
               Title:




                                                             35
